# TheGamingRoom
Briefly summarize The Gaming Room client and their software requirements. Who was the client? What type of software did they want you to design?
  The gaming room is a game company that wants to expand their android based game called Draw It or Lose It into a web base, multi-platform application. And based on the design, this will propose a centralized game management service that will enforce unique identifiers and names while ensuring only one instance of the game service exists in memory. And by using object-oriented principles and proven design patterns, the solution will provide a scalable and more maintainable foundation for the future platform expansion. 
What did you do particularly well in developing this documentation? I feel that the part that I did well in developing this documentation is that I looked into what the client wanted to achieve and research ways that we can make that happen will being cost efficient.
What about the process of working through a design document did you find helpful when developing the code?
  The process of working through the design document did make it helpful when developing code, because I know the requirements that are needed before hand so I know what exactly has to be implemented and what exactly the client whats.
If you could choose one part of your work on these documents to revise, what would you pick? How would you improve it?
  If I can choose one part to revise it would be the domain model, because I feel that I could do a better job of breaking it down.
How did you interpret the user’s needs and implement them into your software design? Why is it so important to consider the user’s needs when designing?
  I interpreted the user's needs and implemented them by seeing what they need from the software and made sure that was the software did. It's important to consider the user's needs when designing so you're not wasting resources building something the client didn't want or ask for. So in a sense considering the user's needs saves the team time and resources in the long run so you don't have to go back and redo code to meet their needs.
How did you approach designing software? What techniques or strategies would you use in the future to analyze and design a similar software application?
  I approached designing software by first focusing on the client's business requirements before thinking about implementation. And the client wanted to expand their android based game to multiple platforms while supporting multiple users and concurrent game instances. That meant scalability, portability, and system architecture were just as important as functionality. And techniques I would use in the future would be evaluate trade offs between platforms, design for scalability and having a security by design.
